---
layout: page
title: RoboMaster
description: A project of RoboMaster
img: assets/img/RoboMaster/Cup2.jpg
importance: 1
category: competition
---

This project is mainly about my experience participating in RoboMaster 2018 (Oct 2017 - Aug 2018), RoboMaster 2019 (Sep 2018 - Aug 2019).

In this competition, our team should design 7 robots and build communication between robots and keyboard mouse, using image senor equiped on the robots to fight with other teams' robots from the first perspective in a basketball court sized field. 

<style>
  .row .col-sm img {
    min-height: 250px;
  }
</style>

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/RoboMaster/Map2018.png" height="200px" title="Map" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/RoboMaster/Map2018_2.png" height="200px" title="Map" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Figure 1: The illustrations of the competition map.
</div>

In the team, I served as the head of the visual group, which should provide visual assistance to robots. There are two main works for the visual group: \\
(1) <b>Visual aiming and shooting. </b> Automatically recognize the enemies by cameras and perform precise shooting, <i>e.g.</i>, operator could simply hold down the right mouse button to enable the robots to automatically aim and shoot enemies. \\
(2) <b>Energy mechanism shooting. </b> An energy mechanism in the map could provide a Buff for the team successfully activating it. There are different to activate energy mechanisms each year:
In <b>RoboMaster 2018</b>, our robots should recognize the 5 digits in Nixie tubes, then shoot the digits of 9 LEDs below in order. After successfully hitting one digit each time, the order of the 9 digits in the LED will be randomly reset. Additionally, if a certain digit is shot incorrectly or if the interval between two shots exceeds 1.5 seconds, it needs to be reactivated.

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/RoboMaster/Energy.png" height="200px" title="Map" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/RoboMaster/attack_energy.png" height="200px" title="Map" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
     <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/RoboMaster/Mnist.png" height="200px" title="Map" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Figure 2: The illustrations of the energy mechanism in RoboMaster 2018.
</div>

In <b>RoboMaster 2019</b>, our robots need to recognize the rotating windmill from 8 meters away and shoot the glowing blades in order. After successfully hitting one digit each time, the order of 9 digits in the LED will be randomly reset. Additionally, if a certain digit is shot incorrectly or if the interval between two shots exceeds 1.5 seconds, it needs to be reactivated.

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>


{% raw %}
```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
```
{% endraw %}
